JP-3431 Ensure that default WCS information is set for Guiding modes that fail pointing determination (#7983)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Added tests to see if the data array is changed after runnung the step and
  set the default signal_threshold to 25000. [#7895]

set_telescope_pointing
----------------------

> - Ensure that default WCS information is set for Guiding modes that fail pointing determination [#7983]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that CRPIX1/2 are set to default values for Guiding modes that fail pointing determination [#7983]
```
